README.md, before:

# RPG

This is a basic RPG created for the Android platform as a school project. It is extremely barebones right now, with only the
basic mechanics of a role-playing game implemented. Several game engine features are still not perfect, and the backstory is
non-existent, but it will iterated and improved eventually. 

## Download

Here: http://winsonchiu.com/assets/RPG.apk

## Screenshots

<b>Spawn</b>

<img src="/Assets/Screenshots/spawn.png" width="800px"/>

<b>Home</b>

<img src="/Assets/Screenshots/home.png" width="800px"/>

<b>Dungeon</b>

<img src="/Assets/Screenshots/dungeon001.png" width="800px"/>

<b>Inventory</b>

<img src="/Assets/Screenshots/inventory.png" width="800px"/>


## Copyright / Licensing

This game is currently only being showcased as a school project, and does not have a chosen license as of yet. It can be 
assumed that the code used here is used under the same guidelines as the following licenses, and can be reused freely
assuming you follow them as well.

### Tileset

The tileset used to render the maps were created by Kenney. They are licensed CC0, which means you are free to use them as well.
His website is located here: http://kenney.nl/

### LPC Sprites

This game uses art assets generated using [Universal Sprite Sheet](https://github.com/jrconway3/Universal-LPC-spritesheet), 
which uses Liberated Pixel Cup graphics licensed under both of the following. 

CC-BY-SA 3.0:

http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/
See the file: cc-by-sa-3.0.txt
GNU GPL 3.0:

http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html
See the file: gpl-3.0.txt

Commit message:

- Add credit for item sprites

README.md, after:

# RPG

This is a basic RPG created for the Android platform as a school project. It is extremely barebones right now, with only the
basic mechanics of a role-playing game implemented. Several game engine features are still not perfect, and the backstory is
non-existent, but it will iterated and improved eventually. 

## Download

Here: http://winsonchiu.com/assets/RPG.apk

## Screenshots

<b>Spawn</b>

<img src="/Assets/Screenshots/spawn.png" width="800px"/>

<b>Home</b>

<img src="/Assets/Screenshots/home.png" width="800px"/>

<b>Dungeon</b>

<img src="/Assets/Screenshots/dungeon001.png" width="800px"/>

<b>Inventory</b>

<img src="/Assets/Screenshots/inventory.png" width="800px"/>


## Copyright / Licensing

This game is currently only being showcased as a school project, and does not have a chosen license as of yet. It can be 
assumed that the code used here is used under the same guidelines as the following licenses, and can be reused freely
assuming you follow them as well.

### Tileset

The tileset used to render the maps were created by Kenney. They are licensed CC0, which means you are free to use them as well.
His website is located here: http://kenney.nl/

### Item Sprites

The icons used for items were created by 7Soul1 on DeviantArt.

The sprites are located here: http://7soul1.deviantart.com/art/420-Pixel-Art-Icons-for-RPG-129892453

And here's his user page: http://7soul1.deviantart.com/

### LPC Sprites

This game uses art assets generated using [Universal Sprite Sheet](https://github.com/jrconway3/Universal-LPC-spritesheet), 
which uses Liberated Pixel Cup graphics licensed under both of the following. 

CC-BY-SA 3.0:

http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/
See the file: cc-by-sa-3.0.txt
GNU GPL 3.0:

http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html
See the file: gpl-3.0.txt
